Detect broken links and fix remaining broken links (#797)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/contributing-to-airbyte/README.md

#### **Contributing sources:**

> * [In Python](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/blob/master/airbyte-integrations/connector-templates/source-python/README.md.hbs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You build a Source in any language. Since we frequently build integrations in Python or on top of Singer taps, we've created generator libraries to get you started quickly. 

See (Creating a new integration)[https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/tree/master/airbyte-integrations#creating-a-new-integration] for how to get started with creating a new source
```

might want to do something similar in the destination section
